## ~ ANNOUNCEMENT ~
EXTERMINATE! EXTERMINATE! I've been working hard all night to squash MANY bugs!
Okay it wasn't a lot but every time I fixed one I would accidentally un-fix another, it was horrible.
          
The following changes have been implemented:
- Dynamic pagination now works from a JSON file, allowing faster updates. Previously, when a new diagram was added, I would have to manually add it to every page. That means 1 diagram was 4 updates, minimum. Eugh. Now, all the info can be added a central database.
- Tables now have options for sorting and filtering.
- The cute little crane at the bottom of the page was shrank down, making it visible on mobile now.
- Backend breadcrumbs have been added for images. Stay tuned!

The following has been solved:
- Category filter now shows the categories capitalised and formatted.
- Category column now shows the categories capitalised and formatted.
- Cache Busting to force requests for the latest versions of files, hopefully removing need for refreshing.
- Creators column now supports multiple creators per diagram.
- Categories column now supports multiple categories per diagram.
- Table will now show "No Results Found" when... well you know.
- Minor typos here and there.

All changes will be made, for now, exclusively to the All Diagrams page, here, and the Index page.
In the future other pages will be added to handle presenting data specifically for certain queries, but for now this will be the only page displaying diagrams. To view updates, refresh the page.
Okay yes I know I just said I fixed that issue, but that fix requires a refresh to load the fix.